
If you want to run this on your local computer, please visit the gzpremeMenu.js file and justify the film paths accordingly. 
This webpage is mostly based on streetwear items, mostly Supreme(clothing brand); I am not affiliated with Supreme.

Description:

Drops - After submitting, you will be redirected to an Instagram page of a particular hashtag about Supreme drops based on the corresponding information you have submitted.

Leaks - After submitting, you will be redirected to an Instagram page of a particular hashtag about Supreme leaks based on the corresponding information you have submitted.

For Sale - After clicking one of these buttons/links, you will either be directed to an Instagram page of a particular hashtag based on what you clicked, OR you will be taken to another page consisting of subcategories. The posts/listings you see under the particular hashtag on Instagram are willing to sell/buy posts of a particular user.

Checks - After clicking one of these buttons/links, you will be directed to an Instagram hashtag of a particular hashtag where users discuss 

LEGIT CHECKS: whether an item is 100% Authentic or not.
SIZE CHECKS: how a particular item fits (small, big, true to size, etc).
PRICE CHECKS: how much a particular item usually cost (eg. an item's market price).

Scams - After clicking the button/link on this page, you will be directed to an Instagram page of a particular hashtag where you can view scammers in the Supreme/Streetwear Community.  

Customs - After clicking the button/link on this page, you will be directed to an Instagram page of a particular hashtag where you can view customized item(s) by certain artist(s) in the Streetwear Community. 

Hashtags - After clicking the Color button/link on this page, you will be directed to a page where you could choose a color/color-way, which will then redirect you to an Instagram page of a particular hashtag where you may browse certain items based on the color/color-way you clicked. 

* Some posts/listings may be mixed due to the publicity of the hashtags.

